NARRATOR: PREVIOUSLY
ON "YU-GI-OH"...
Man: MAI VALENTINE,
MARIK ISHTAR,
THIS DUEL
WILL NOW BEGIN!
I'D LIKE TO TAKE THIS MATCH
TO THE THE SHADOW REALM!
THERE'S NO WAY!
EACH MONSTER WE PLAY
CARRIES WITH IT
THE MEMORY OF A PERSON WE
HOLD WITHIN IN OUR MIND.
SO, SAY GOODBYE TO YOUR
UNFRIENDLY AMAZON!
AS SHE GOES, SO GOES
YOUR MEMORY OF
ANOTHER FRIEND!
NO, JOEY!
IS THE DANGER PERHAPS
A LITTLE TOO REAL FOR YOU?
NOT EVEN CLOSE!
MY MOVE.
AND I PLAY
AMAZON CHAIN MASTER.
SHE LET'S ME TAKE
A CARD FROM YOUR DECK.
AND THE MONSTER I'M TAKING
IS YOUR EGYPTIAN GOD CARD.
THE WINGED DRAGON OF RA
IS NOW IN MY CONTROL!
WHAT IS THAT THING?!
THE WINGED DRAGON OF RA
IS LOCKED IN THAT SPHERE!
HOW CAN I USE IT?
YOU CAN'T USE IT, YOU FOOL!
YOU'LL NEVER UNLOCK
ITS ANCIENT POWERS!
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH, YU-GI ♪
IT'S TIME
TO DUEL!
♪ YU-GI-OH! ♪
NOW THAT YOU'VE STOLEN
MY EGYPTIAN GOD CARD,
WHY DON'T YOU TRY TO
USE IT AGAINST ME?
THAT'S THE WINGED
DRAGON OF RA?
Tristan:
WHAT'S THE DEAL?
Tea: WHAT'S THAT BALL?
SOMEHOW THE DRAGON
IS LOCKED INSIDE!
WELL SOMEHOW MAI'S GOTTA
SET IT FREE--AND FAST--
SO SHE CAN END THIS NOW!
Marik: ONLY I KNOW
HOW TO TAP THE POWER
OF THE WINGED
DRAGON OF RA!
[THINKING]
MAYBE FOR NOW,
BUT SOON I'LL LEARN
TO CONTROL ITS
UNSTOPPABLE FORCE!
Marik: I TOLD YOU THIS
ISN'T A MERE DUEL!
WE'RE PLAYING
A SHADOW GAME
WITH ANCIENT MAGIC
BEYOND YOUR UNDERSTANDING!
NOT ONLY AM I
ERASING YOUR MEMORY
WITH EVERY
MONSTER I DESTROY.
BUT ONCE YOU LOSE
THIS BATTLE TO ME,
YOUR MIND WILL
BE TRAPPED HERE,
CONFINED IN ISOLATION
FOR ETERNITY!
NO! WE CAN'T
LET THIS NUT WIN!
Marik: NOW AS FOR MY
EGYPTIAN GOD CARD,
YOU WERE A FOOL TO THINK
YOU'D BE ABLE TO USE IT.
ONLY INDIVIDUALS WITH KNOWLEDGE
OF THE ANCIENT SCRIPTURES
CAN WIELD THE POWER OF RA!
GIVE ME A BREAK!
YOU'RE JUST
JEALOUS BECAUSE
YOU LOST YOUR
EGYPTIAN GOD CARD
TO A BETTER DUELIST,
AND I'M GONNA
USE IT TO
KNOCK YOU OUT OF
THE FINALS, BUD!
YOUR WINGED DRAGON
ANSWERS TO ME NOW!
THEN WHY DON'T YOU TRY
READING THE ANCIENT TEXT
WRITTEN ON THE BOTTOM
OF THE CARD!
UH...
HUH? WHAT'S THAT?
THAT IS THE ANCIENT
CHANT USED TO
CALL UPON THE HIDDEN POWERS
OF THE WINGED DRAGON OF RA!
[THINKING] BUT
I DON'T REMEMBER
SEEING THAT WRITING
WHEN THE CARD
WAS IN MY HAND!
AM I GOING CRAZY,
OR IS THIS ANOTHER ONE
OF MARIK'S MIND TRICKS!?
[MARIK LAUGHS]
WELL, WHY DON'T YOU TRY
READING THE CHANT?
OR PERHAPS YOU'RE
IN NEED OF A LESSON
IN THE ANCIENT EGYPTIAN
SCRIPTURES, MY DEAR.
HE'S GOT ME TRAPPED!
WELL, WHY DON'T
I READ THE CHANT
AND REGAIN CONTROL OF IT!
[THINKING] IF MARIK RECITES
THE ANCIENT WORDS,
THE DRAGON WILL OBEY HIM!
HEY, SETO,
WHAT DO YOU
THINK IT SAYS?
LET'S SEE.
PHOTOGRAPH THE CARD
WITH OUR SATELLITE CAMERA
AND USE THE ON-BOARD NETWORK
TO TRANSLATE IT NOW!
AWESOME IDEA,
SETO!
I'LL GET ON IT
RIGHT AWAY.
[THINKING] SOON THAT
CARD WILL BE MINE,
AND I MUST KNOW
ITS SECRETS!
Marik: STARE AT THAT
CARD ALL YOU WANT!
YOU'LL NEVER DECIPHER
THE ANCIENT WORDS
PRINTED UPON IT!
IT'S WRITTEN IN
A SPECIAL FORM OF
HIEROGLYPHIC
SCRIPT USED ONLY BY
HIGH-RANKING
INDIVIDUALS IN EGYPT,
AND I DOUBT YOU
FIT THAT CATEGORY.
HOWEVER MY FAMILY DOES!
THEY GUARD
THE PHARAOH'S TOMB.
WHATEVER!
Marik: I BET KAIBA
COULD READ IT.
HMM? WHAT'S HE MEAN?
Marik: IN FACT, SEVERAL
PEOPLE ON THIS VESSEL
CAN TRACE THEIR HISTORY
BACK TO ANCIENT EGYPT,
TO A TIME WHEN SORCERERS
AND KINGS WAGED GREAT WARS!
BACK THEN, THE POWER OF
THE SHADOWS WAS EVERYWHERE,
AND THE WORLD FEARED
THOSE WHO CONTROLLED IT!
BLAH, BLAH, BLAH!
I DON'T NEED
A HISTORY LESSON
TO LEARN HOW
TO CONTROL
THE ACTIONS OF
MY DUEL MONSTER!
MAXIMILLION PEGASUS
CERTAINLY DID,
AND NOT EVEN
HE KNEW HOW TO
DECIPHER THE ANCIENT TEXT
WHEN HE CREATED THE CARD.
BUT HE KNEW THAT
IN ANCIENT TIMES,
THE WINGED DRAGON
WOULD ONLY OBEY THOSE
WHO CHANTED THE WORDS.
SO, PEGASUS PRINTED
THE WORDS IN AN INK
THAT CAN ONLY BE SEEN WHEN
THE MONSTER IS SUMMONED.
[THINKING] THEN
MARIK KNEW ALL ALONG
THAT I'D NEVER BE ABLE
TO USE THAT CARD!
I'LL ASK YOU AGAIN...
ARE YOU READING THE CHANT,
OR SHALL I RELEASE
THE WINGED DRAGON OF RA?
THIS IS YOUR LAST CHANCE,
FOOLISH GIRL!
SHOW ME HOW YOU CONTROL
AN EGYPTIAN GOD!
[LAUGHING]
LAUGH IT UP,
PSYCHO-BOY.
Yugi:
BE CAREFUL!
AW, MAN.
WITH NO OTHER MONSTERS
ON THE FIELD
IF MAI GETS ATTACKED
BY THAT WINGED DRAGON,
IT'S OVER!
[THINKING] MARIK MUST'VE
PLANNED THIS FROM THE BEGINNING!
HE WANTED MAI TO TAKE HIS CARD!
[THINKING] THIS IS
GETTING INTERESTING.
IF MAI CAN'T
RECITE THE TEXT
PRINTED ON THE WINGED
DRAGON OF RA,
SHE CAN'T USE IT.
THEN, WHEN IT'S
MARIK'S MOVE,
HE'LL HAVE
A CHANCE TO RECITE
THE CHANT AND REGAIN
CONTROL OF THE CARD!
ONCE THOSE WORDS ARE SPOKEN,
THE EGYPTIAN GOD MONSTER
WILL UNLOCK ITSELF
FROM THAT SPHERE
AND ATTACK,
AND I'LL FINALLY GET
TO SEE HOW IT WORKS!
Marik: TIME IS
RUNNING OUT, MY DEAR!
SO, MAKE YOUR MOVE!
UNLESS YOU'RE WILLING
TO ADMIT DEFEAT!
REMEMBER YOU HAVE
NO MONSTERS
ON THE FIELD
TO PROTECT YOU.
AND THAT MEANS I CAN USE
MY EGYPTIAN GOD CARD TO
ATTACK YOUR LIFE POINTS!
SO, PREPARE TO LOSE
AND LIVE AN ETERNITY OF
LONELINESS AND DESPAIR!
THIS IS YOUR
FINAL OPPORTUNITY
TO AWAKEN THE WINGED
DRAGON OF RA!
I PLACE
ONE CARD FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
[THINKING] MY
TRAP CARD GRAVITY BIND
WILL PROTECT ME.
ONCE ACTIVATED,
IT STOPS THE ATTACK OF
ANY POWERFUL MONSTER,
SO WHETHER MARIK USES
HIS HOLDING ARMS
OR AWAKENS
THE WINGED DRAGON,
I'LL BE READY!
IT'S OVER!
I SUMMON HOLDING LEGS!
SO SORRY, MY DEAR,
BUT SAY GOODBYE TO THAT
FACEDOWN CARD NOW.
FOR WHEN IT'S SUMMONED,
HOLDING LEGS
SENDS EVERY MAGIC
AND TRAP CARD BACK TO
THE PLAYER'S HANDS!
AND WHEN PLAYED
ALONGSIDE HOLDING ARMS,
THIS CARD HAS ANOTHER
SPECIAL ABILITY--
IT CALLS FORTH THE SACRED
STONE OF UJAT!
[SCREAMS]
[MARIK LAUGHS]
Mai: WHAT'S
GOING ON!
WELL, WITH NO MONSTERS,
I'M ABLE TO ATTACK YOUR
LIFE POINTS DIRECTLY!
SO, BE PREPARED TO LOSE
EVERYTHING RIGHT NOW!
GO, HOLDING ARMS
AND HOLDING LEGS!
[SCREAMS]
SEIZE HER!
COMFORTABLE?
WELL, THE WORST
IS YET TO COME!
[GRUNTING]
SO, STAND BACK!
[SCREAMS]
[GRUNTS]
OH, NO!
Marik: OH, YES!
[GASPING]
MAI!
HEY! I CAN'T MOVE!
WHAT KIND OF
HOLOGRAM IS THIS!
I NEVER SAID THAT
WAS A HOLOGRAM!
YOU AND I ARE PLAYING
A SHADOW GAME--
OR DON'T YOU REMEMBER?
WHATEVER HAPPENS
HERE IS REAL!
NOW ATTACK HER LIFE
POINTS AT ONCE!
[GROANING]
MAI, ARE YOU
ALL RIGHT?
THAT VOICE...
IT SOUNDS...
SO FAMILIAR.
[LAUGHING]
YOUR FRIENDS ARE
ALL GONE NOW!
Yugi: THAT'S A LIE!
Marik: I DON'T NEED
YOU INTRUDING ON MY
SHADOW GAME AGAIN!
YOU AND I WILL DUEL
SOON ENOUGH,
AND THINGS ARE BEGINNING
TO GET INTERESTING UP HERE.
FOR IT'S TIME TO AWAKEN
THE WINGED DRAGON OF RA
BY RECITING
THE ANCIENT CHANT
AND RECLAIMING
MY GREAT BEAST!
SO, I CAN FINISH THIS DUEL
ONCE AND FOR ALL!
Tea: IF MARIK GETS
CONTROL OF THAT THING...
MAI'S GONNA BE IN
MAJOR TROUBLE!
GREAT BEAST OF THE SKY,
PLEASE HEAR MY CRY.
TRANSFORM MYSELF
FROM ORB OF LIGHT
AND BRING ME VICTORY
IN THIS FIGHT.
HEY! CHECK IT
OUT GUYS!
Yugi: MARIK'S CHANT IS AWAKENING
THE EGYPTIAN GOD MONSTER!
NOW THE BEAST BELONGS
TO HIM AGAIN!
Marik: ENVELOP THE DESERTS
WITH YOUR GLOW
AND CAST YOUR RAGE
UPON MY FOE!
UNLOCK YOUR POWERS
FROM DEEP WITHIN
SO THAT TOGETHER
WE MAY WIN.
APPEAR IN THIS SHADOW GAME
AS I CALL YOUR NAME!
WINGED DRAGON OF RA!
[ROARS]
[GASPING]
THERE IT IS!
BEHOLD!
MY GREAT BEAST!
THE MOST POWERFUL OF ALL
THE EGYPTIAN GOD MONSTERS!
IT'S TIME NOW
TO END THIS DUEL!
[LAUGHS]
Joey: JUST HANG
IN THERE, MAI!
[THINKING]
IF MARIK ATTACKS WITH
THE WINGED DRAGON OF RA,
MAI WILL LOSE THE REST
OF HER LIFE POINTS,
AND SHE'LL BE TRAPPED IN
THE SHADOW REALM FOREVER!
[MARIK CHUCKLES]
SUCH A PITY IT HAS
TO END LIKE THIS, MY DEAR.
YOUR MIND IS A MERE SHADOW
OF ITS FORMER SELF,
AND IT'S GROWING EVEN DIMMER.
AND CHAINED TO THAT STONE,
YOU CAN'T REACH YOUR DECK.
NO!
AS SOON AS MY
MONSTER ATTACKS,
YOUR WORLD
WILL CRUMBLE!
HEY, YUG,
WE GOTTA STOP THIS!
THAT'S ENOUGH!
LEAVE MAI ALONE!
YOUR GRUDGE IS
AGAINST ME, NOT HER!
THAT'S TRUE, PHARAOH,
BUT I'M JUST HAVING
A LITTLE FUN UP HERE.
THERE'S NOTHING
I LIKE MORE THAN
TOYING WITH
SOMEONE'S MIND!
MARIK!
DON'T WORRY, WE'LL
FACE EACH OTHER SOON.
IT'S SOMETHING I'VE
BEEN WAITING FOR
SINCE MY FAMILY INSISTED
I BARE THE ANCIENT
SCRIPTURES ON MY BACK--
CURSED TO CARRY THE SECRET
OF THE PHARAOH'S POWER
UNTIL HIS RETURN!
THE PHARAOH SECRET?
AND ALTHOUGH THIS DUTY
HAS BROUGHT GREAT HONOR
TO THE ISHTAR NAME,
IT HAS BROUGHT ME NOTHING BUT
GREAT SUFFERING AND DESPAIR.
FOR GENERATIONS,
MY FAMILY HAS WAITED
HOPELESSLY FOR
THE PHARAOH'S RETURN.
[LAUGHS]
EXCEPT FOR ME!
SERVING THE ANCIENT PHARAOH
IS A GAME FOR FOOLS!
GIVING UP MY LIFE
JUST TO PLAY SERVANT
TO A 5,000-YEAR-OLD KING,
WHEN ALL ALONG I HOLD
THE KEY TO HIS GREAT POWER?
I SHALL BECOME THE KING!
[THINKING] I HAVE
TO FIGURE OUT
THE SECRET WITHIN
MARIK'S BACK!
I ALWAYS KNEW I WAS
DESTINED FOR GREATNESS.
I JUST NEED TO COLLECT
ALL THE RIGHT PIECES
SO I CAN PUT TOGETHER
MY DESTINY!
THIS MADNESS
HAS TO STOP,
UNDERSTAND--
RIGHT NOW!
[LAUGHS]
THE MADNESS
HAS JUST BEGUN!
TORMENTING YOUR LITTLE
FRIEND'S MIND UP HERE
IS MERELY PRACTICE!
FOR SOON
YOU SHALL SUFFER...
[LAUGH]
WHILE THE WORLD FINALLY
COWERS IN FEAR BEFORE ME!
Marik: THIS SHADOW GAME IS OVER!
[LAUGHS]
THE TIME HAS COME
TO TRAP YOUR MIND IN
THE SHADOWS FOREVER!
NO! JOEY!
[THINKING] I HAVE TO STOP THAT
FREAK BEFORE IT'S TOO LATE!
HEY, REF, PULL THE PLUG
ON THIS DUEL!
THAT'S IN VIOLATION
OF BATTLE CITY RULES!
THEN I'M DOING
IT FOR YOU!
YOU'LL BE
DISQUALIFIED!
BIG DEAL!
IT'S ALL OVER.
[CHUCKLING]
WELL PUT, MY DEAR.
YOU'RE ABOUT TO FEEL
THE RAGE OF THE GODS!
Yugi: OH, NO!
WINGED DRAGON OF RA--
DIRECT ATTACK!
[ROARS]
Both: LOOK OUT, MAI!
FAREWELL.
Joey: HEY, MAI!
I'LL GET YOU OUT OF THIS!
DON'T WORRY, YOU'RE
GONNA BE ALL RIGHT!
IT'S THAT VOICE...
WHO IS IT?
BIG BROTHER!
PLEASE BE CAREFUL!
TALK TO HER ALL
YOU WANT, LITTLE JOEY.
SHE'LL NEVER REMEMBER YOU!
Joey: IT WON'T BUDGE!
MAN!
[STRAINING]
WHO'S THERE?
MAI...
IT'S ME!
YOU SOUND SO
FAMILIAR TO ME...
LIKE AN OLD FRIEND.
COME ON!
YOU JUST GOTTA
REMEMBER WHO I AM, MAI!
THINK!
I'M NOT SURE...
TRY HARDER!
LOOK IN MY EYES!
IT'S ME!
JOEY?
THAT'S RIGHT,
IT'S JOEY!
AND I'M NOT GONNA LET
ANYTHING HAPPEN TO YOU, MAI,
'CAUSE WE'RE FRIENDS!
WE'RE FRIENDS? US?
YOU KNOW IT, AND I'M
ALWAYS HERE FOR YOU,
NO MATTER WHAT!
[ROARING]
AND I GOT SOMETHING
I GOTTA TELL YOU, MAI--
SOMETHING I SHOULD
HAVE TOLD YOU BEFORE!
DO YOU REMEMBER WHEN
I GOT KNOCKED UNCONSCIOUS
DURING THAT LIGHTNING STORM?
[SCREAMS]
THEN I HAD THAT
FREAKY DREAM
THAT WE WERE
ALL BACK AT SCHOOL,
ONLY FOR SOME REASON
I COULDN'T STAND UP?
AH, LITTLE HELP, GUYS.
THEN ALL MY FRIENDS HELPED
ME GET BACK ON MY FEET--
INCLUDING YOU, MAI!
I KNOW I TOLD YOU THAT YOU
WEREN'T IN THAT DREAM, MAI.
SORRY...BUT YOU WERE THERE!
YOU'RE MY FRIEND!
Mai: WAIT A SEC...
JOEY!
MAI,
YOU REMEMBER NOW?
[THINKING] THAT MEDDLING FOOL
BROKE MY SHADOW SPELL!
BUT NO MATTER!
I'LL DESTROY THEM BOTH NOW!
LET'S GO!
GET ME OUT OF
THESE STUPID CHAINS!
ALL RIGHT!
NOW THAT'S THE MAI
I REMEMBER!
AW, MAN, THIS THINGS ON
EVEN TIGHTER THEN I THOUGHT!
I GOTTA GET IT
OFF QUICK!
[THINKING] SO, JOEY DOES THINK
OF ME AS A FRIEND AFTER ALL!
I KNEW THAT
KNUCKLEHEAD LIKED ME!
[GROANING]
FORGET ABOUT ME!
JUST GO!
NO WAY, MAI!
NOT WITHOUT YOU!
NOW, WINGED
DRAGON OF RA,
DESTROY THEM BOTH!
[ROARING]
LISTEN, JOEY,
DON'T BE A HERO!
JUST GO!
LOOK, I'M STAYING
RIGHT HERE!
THANK YOU.
HANG IN THERE!
[THINKING] THIS IS
THE NICEST THING
ANYONE'S EVER
DONE FOR ME!
Joey: YOU'RE
GONNA BE OK, MAI!
I PROMISE!
AND I NEVER BREAK
A PROMISE TO A FRIEND!
THAT'S ENOUGH!
[GRUNTING]
Both: YUGI!
[MARIK LAUGHS]
WELL, ISN'T THAT SPECIAL!
IT APPEARS I'LL BE
ABLE TO DESTROY YUGI
EVEN SOONER THAN I
THOUGHT I WOULD!
NOT QUITE!
YOUR DARK SHADOW POWERS
WILL NEVER PENETRATE ME!
I WILL SHIELD EVERYONE
FROM YOUR EVIL!
[GRUNTING]
[LAUGHING]
I DOUBT IT!
NOTHING CAN WITHSTAND
THE UNSTOPPABLE FORCE
OF THE GREATEST CREATURE
TO EVER WALK THE EARTH,
THE WINGED DRAGON OF RA!
ALL 3 OF YOU ARE FINISHED!
[SCREAMING]
YUGI!
[SCREAMS]
[MARIK LAUGHS]
OH, NO!
YUGI!
HELP HIM!
PLEASE GET UP!
Joey:
DON'T WORRY, YUG!
YOU'RE GONNA
BE ALL RIGHT!
HA! THAT'S WHAT
YOU THINK, FOOL,
BUT I'M AFRAID
I BEG TO DIFFER.
LOOKS LIKE I WON THIS DUEL.
I'M WAITING.
HER LIFE POINTS
ARE GONE,
SO ANNOUNCE ME AS
THE WINNER IMMEDIATELY.
THE WINNER OF
THIS DUEL IS
MR. MARIK ISHTAR!
LET'S CHECK THE DAMAGE,
AND CAUSE SOME MORE.
[GROANING]
YUGI! COME ON.
GET UP, PAL.
Marik: WHAT DO
WE HAVE HERE?
I SHOULD SEND HIM TO
THE SHADOW REALM RIGHT NOW!
YOU WISH!
RELAX,
I STILL NEED HIM,
BUT YOU'RE NOT
SO FORTUNATE,
AND YOU NEED TO
BE TAUGHT A LESSON
ABOUT MEDDLING IN MATTERS
THAT DON'T CONCERN YOU.
THIS SHOULD HOLD YOU!
[THINKING] I CAN'T MOVE!
PERHAPS NEXT TIME
YOU'LL THINK
BEFORE YOU ENTER
A DUEL UNINVITED.
Mai: JOEY!
WHAT DID YOU
DO TO HIM, MARIK?
NOT TO WORRY,
HE'LL BE FINE.
BUT THERE'S SOMETHING
WE NEED TO DISCUSS.
YOU STILL HAVE MY EGYPTIAN
GOD CARD IN YOUR DECK,
AND I WANT IT BACK!
NOW IT'S TIME TO
FULFILL MY PROMISE.
I SAID IF YOU LOST
YOU'D BE TRAPPED
IN THE SHADOW REALM
FOR ETERNITY.
THE SHADOW REALM?
DID YOU FORGET?
I KNOW YOUR MEMORY
HAS FAILED YOU,
BUT YOU AND I HAD
AN AGREEMENT!
SO...
[GASPS]
WHERE AM I?
AND WHERE DID
EVERYBODY GO?
[GASPING]
Joey: LOOK OUT, GUYS,
'CAUSE HERE
COME THE WHEELERS!
Tea: COME ON IN!
HEY!
HUH?
GUYS, PLEASE,
HELP ME!
SCREAM
ALL YOU WANT,
THEY CAN'T HEAR YOU!
BUT THEY SEEM TO
BE HAVING FUN...
AND THEY DON'T MISS YOU
AT ALL, MY DEAR.
NOW ARE YOU BEGINNING
TO UNDERSTAND WHERE YOU ARE?
IT'S SORT OF A LIVING NIGHTMARE.
YOU'LL BE COMPLETELY ALONE
FOR THE REST OF ETERNITY,
AND HERE YOU'LL
SIT DAY AFTER DAY
IN ISOLATION AS YOUR FRIENDS
DISAPPEAR ONE BY ONE.
OH, NO!
I HOPE YOU ENJOY YOUR STAY
IN THE SHADOW REALM.
OH, AND ONE LAST THING,
I'M TAKING BACK MY CARD.
[LAUGHS]
[SCREAMS]
HEY, MAI!
JOEY, DON'T
LEAVE ME HERE!
LATER!
NO! PLEASE!
COME BACK!
[LAUGHING]
Joey: MAI!
TELL ME WHAT YOU
DID TO HER NOW, MARIK!
YOUR FRIEND MADE
A COSTLY MISTAKE
BY DUELING AGAINST ME,
AND NOW I'M AFRAID SHE'S
PAYING THE ULTIMATE PRICE.
NOTICE HER MOTIONLESS
APPEARANCE?
THAT'S BECAUSE
HER MIND IS TRAPPED!
SAY WHAT!
WITH EACH PASSING SECOND
SHE FORGETS MORE.
THE SHADOWS ARE TAKING
EVERYTHING, WHEELER:
HER FAMILY, HER FRIENDS,
EVERYTHING SHE KEPT
INSIDE HER MIND
AND INSIDE HER HEART.
[LAUGHS]
THAT'S IT, MARIK.
NOW YOU'VE GONE TOO FAR!
SO, IT'S GO TIME!
NOW PUT 'EM UP, COWBOY!
FOOL!
THREATEN ME AGAIN
AND YOU'LL MEET
THE SAME FATE
AS YOUR FRIEND!
[GROANS]
Serenity:
JOEY, PLEASE!
JUST LET IT GO!
Tristan: SHE'S RIGHT, MAN.
THIS CREEP'S PSYCHOTIC!
Marik, thinking: : I CAN FEEL
THE POWER WITHIN ME GROWING.
WITH EACH MIND I
SEND TO THE SHADOWS
THE DARKNESS
WITHIN ME INCREASES.
[LAUGHS]
Tristan: COME ON, MAI,
SNAP OUT OF IT!
Tea: YUGI,
YOU GOTTA GET UP!
[THINKING] I'M SORRY
I LET YOU DOWN, MAI!
BUT I PROMISE I'M GONNA
GET YOU OUT OF THIS MESS!
Tea: HEY GUYS,
YUGI'S WAKING UP!
[GRUNTING]
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?
YUG!
DON'T WORRY,
I'M FINE.
BUT ARE YOU
AND MAI OK?
I'M FINE.
BUT MAI'S NOT
DOING SO WELL.
MARIK PULLED
SOMETHING FREAKY
WITH THAT
MILLENNIUM ROD.
HE SAID HE TRAPPED HER
BRAIN IN THE SHADOWS!
Tea: YEAH,
AND THEN HE SAID
SHE'S GONNA LOSE
ALL HER MEMORIES!
Mokuba, on radio:
SETO, COME IN.
PROCEED.
I HAVE AN UPDATE!
THERE'S MORE WRITTEN
ON THIS CARD
THAN JUST THAT CHANT.
I'LL DECODE
THE TEXT RIGHT NOW.
OK, GOOD WORK.
WE NEED TO FIND OUT ALL
THE SECRETS OF THIS CARD.
ALL RIGHT, YOU GEEKS,
CLEAR THE FIELD
FOR THE NEXT DUEL!
KAIBA--
SAVE IT.
I'M DUELING NEXT,
AND I NEED TO PREPARE
THE FIELD, YUGI,
SO THAT THE TORMENT CAN BEGIN!